okay here we have a 2007 Hyundai Santa
Fe and it was exhibiting some erratic
fuel sender issues now these cars have
two fuel centers I've already replaced
the driver side fuel sender and I'm
going to show you the passenger side now
step one here is to take out the seat as
you can see I have the driver side seat
already out the difference between the
two sides of the tank is at the driver
side also contained the fuel pump this
slides up she does not now accessing the
bolt on the rear seat is a little
difficult because mmm you need to get
that bolt way down there so good luck
with that it's easier to access these
bolts if you come through the trunk and
use a rather large extension and to
access those okay now you have a Velcro
covered carpet and here's the fender for
the passenger side now this thing is
sealed on there with some sort of RTV
your gasket material so you got to pry
it up there's no magic to it just rip it
up
you'll see that there's some fuel
attachments on here
now this is pressurized so my advice
would be to go to the other side and
disconnect the if you already have it
open that is disconnect the electrical
leads that lead to the fuel pump and
then start the car and run it told
stalls of course you could also pull the
fuel pump relay out but I don't know
what that is so this is just easier for
me but you'll see the fuel ring and if
you notice mine has these green
indicators here they were lined up when
we started you want to do that line them
up when you put back together but you
can see that now it's free okay so the
hole is not exactly centered over the
sky you might want to protect the carpet
a little bit like I did so when you get
it out you're going to need to spin this
guy around doing too much damage to get
it out
but easy with one hand now clipped here
hold on stop okay now you've got it out
and it looks like I don't know if that's
another fuel pump or not but here's your
sender and there's the pickup tube there
for the fuel so essentially you just
need to disconnect this guy there's a
clip there's a clip right here and you
take it out you put the new one in and
you're done